docs: write gateway.md (#283)
axelarnetwork/axelar-amplifier: doc/src/contracts/gateway.md

# Gateway

The name `gateway` used in this documentation refers to those entities which reside
on axelar chain, which can also be called internal gateways. On the other hand we have
external gateways, which are on the external chains that axelar supports. 

Gateway is how messages enter amplifier. Here are the steps taken throughout the lifecycle of 

> a message:

Reviewer: We probably want to add the step of the user sending a message to the external gateway.

> 1. Incoming messages are directed to the gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Incoming messages are sent to the gateway via `VerifyMessages`.
```

> 2. The gateway sends the messages to the verifier for verification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The gateway calls `VerifyMessages` on the verifier, which submits the messages for verification (or just returns true if already verified).
```

> 3. The verifier confirms the verification status back to the gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The messages are verified asynchronously, and the verification status is stored in the verifier.
```

> 4. Upon verification, the gateway forwards the messages to the router.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Once the messages are verified, `RouteMessages` is called at the gateway, which forwards the verified messages to the router.
```

> 5. The router then transfers the messages to the gateway of other chains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. The router forwards each message to the gateway registered to the destination chain specified in the message.
```

> 6. The prover retrieves the messages from the gateway and organizes them into a batch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. The prover retrieves the messages from the gateway, organizes them into a batch and submits the batch for signing.
```

> 7. The relayer picks up the batch for further processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. The relayer sends the signed batch to the external gateway.
```

## Gateway graph
```mermaid
flowchart TD
subgraph Axelar

>     Rl{"Relayer"}

Reviewer: The relayer is an off chain component, so shouldn't be part of the axelar subgraph

    Sg{"Source Gateway"}
    Dg{"Destination Gateway"}
    Rt{"Router"}
end
Eg{"External Gateway"}

> Eg -- "Message:M1" --> Rl

Reviewer: The external gateway doesn't really send the message to the relayer. The relayer listens for the event emitted by the external gateway
